best practices: refine java connection pools (#20728)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/java-app-best-practices.md

### Typical connection pool configuration

Here is an example configuration for HikariCP:

```yaml
hikari:
  maximumPoolSize: 20
  poolName: hikariCP
  connectionTimeout: 30000 
  maxLifetime: 1200000
  keepaliveTime: 120000
```

According to the [HikariCP official documentation](https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP/blob/dev/README.md), the following are parameter explanations:

- `maximumPoolSize`: the maximum number of connections in the pool. The default value is `10`. In containerized environments, it is recommended to set this to 4–10 times the number of CPU cores available to the Java application. Setting this value too high can lead to resource wastage, while setting it too low can slow down connection acquisition. See [About Pool Sizing](https://github.com/brettwooldridge/HikariCP/wiki/About-Pool-Sizing) for more details.
- `minimumIdle`: HikariCP recommends not setting this parameter. By default, it equals to the value of `maximumPoolSize`, which disables connection pool scaling. This prevents delays in acquiring connections during traffic spikes.

> - `connectionTimeout`: the maximum time (in milliseconds) an application waits to acquire a connection from the pool. The default value is `30000` milliseconds (30 seconds). If no connection is available within this time, a `SQLException` error occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `connectionTimeout`: the maximum time (in milliseconds) that an application waits to acquire a connection from the pool. The default value is `30000` milliseconds (30 seconds). If no available connection is obtained within this time, a `SQLException` exception occurs.
```

- `maxLifetime`: the maximum lifetime (in milliseconds) of a connection in the pool. The default value is `1800000` milliseconds (30 minutes). Connections in use are not affected. After the connection is closed, it will be removed according to this setting. Setting this value too low can cause frequent reconnections. If you are using [`graceful-wait-before-shutdown`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#graceful-wait-before-shutdown-new-in-v50), ensure this value is less than the wait time.

> - `keepaliveTime`: the interval (in milliseconds) for connection keep-alive operations to prevent timeouts. The default value is `120000` milliseconds (2 minutes). Idle connections are validated using JDBC4's `isValid()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keepaliveTime`: the interval (in milliseconds) between keepalive operations on connections in the pool. This setting helps prevent disconnections caused by database or network idle timeouts. The default value is `120000` milliseconds (2 minutes). The pool prefers using the JDBC4 `isValid()` method to keep idle connections alive.
```
